# 🦜🔗 Ask the Data App

This project is a Streamlit application that allows users to upload a CSV file and query the data using a language model (ChatGPT). The app loads the CSV file, creates a Pandas DataFrame, and generates responses to user queries using a Pandas DataFrame Agent.

## Features
- **CSV File Upload**: Allows users to upload a CSV file.
- **Data Display**: Displays the contents of the uploaded CSV file.
- **Query Execution**: Allows users to ask questions about the data using a language model.
- **Predefined and Custom Queries**: Provides predefined queries and allows custom queries.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kargarisaac/llm-projects-hub.git
   cd 1-ask_csv
   ```

2. **Create and activate a virtual environment**:
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows, use `venv\Scripts\activate`
   ```

3. **Install the required packages**:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Set up environment variables**:
   - Create a `.env` file in the root directory of the project.
   - Add your OpenAI API key to the `.env` file:
     ```
     OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
     ```

## Usage

1. **Run the Streamlit app**:
   ```bash
   streamlit run app.py
   ```

2. **Interact with the UI**:
   - Upload a CSV file.
   - Select a predefined query or enter a custom query.
   - View the query response generated by the language model.

## Contribution

Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Contact

For any questions or feedback, please contact [kargarisaac@gmail.com].
